Issue/2571 - [BUG] - Content of Tab Item is not selectable (#2582)
porsche-design-system/porsche-design-system: packages/components/CHANGELOG.md

### [Unreleased]

#### Fixed

> - `Tabs Item` content of tab item is selectable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Tabs Item` test content can be selected/highlighted
```

> - `Tabs Item` test content can be selected/highlighted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Tabs Item` text content can be selected/highlighted
```
